Improve documentation style consitency by implementing Markdown lint. Change "Master" to "Management" account (#521)
awslabs/aws-deployment-framework: docs/user-guide.md

        provider: codebuild
        role: packer
        size: medium
    # What should trigger this pipeline, and what should be triggered
    # when it completes
    triggers:
      triggered_by:
        code_artifact:
          repository: my_test_repository
```

In the above example, the *ami-builder* pipeline is triggered when a new package
version is published to the *my_test_repository* repository in CodeArtifact.

### Additional Deployment Maps

You can also create additional deployment map files.
These can live in a folder in the pipelines repository called *deployment_maps*.
These are entirely optional, but can help split up complex environments
with many pipelines.

For example, you might have a map used for infrastructure type pipelines and
one used for deploying applications. These additional deployment map files can
have any name, as long as they end
with `.yml`.

Taking it a step further, you can create a map per service.
So you can organize these deployment map files inside your preferred directory
structure. For example, the `aws-deployment-framework-pipelines` repo could look
like this:

```txt
deployment_maps/

> |-- security/
> |   |-- amazon-guardduty.yml
> |   |-- aws-config.yml
> |-- product-one/
> |   roles/
> |   |-- some-role-pipeline.yml
> |   infrastructure/
> |   |-- some-infra-pipeline.yml

Reviewer: To make it use the same structure as used in the `admin-guide.md` file with lists:

```suggestion
├───security/
|   ├───amazon-guardduty.yml
|   └───aws-config.yml
└───product-one/
    ├───roles/
    |   └───some-role-pipeline.yml
    └───infrastructure/
        └───some-infra-pipeline.yml
```

```

### Repositories

Source entities for pipelines can consist of AWS CodeCommit Repositories, Amazon
S3 Buckets or GitHub Repositories. Repositories are attached to pipelines in a

> 1:1 relationship, however, you can choose to clone or bring other repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1:1 relationship. However, you can choose to clone or bring other repositories
```

into your code during the build phase of your pipeline. You should define a
suitable [buildspec](#buildspec) that matches your desired outcome and is
applicable to the type of resource you are deploying.

### Removing Pipelines

> If you decide you no longer require a specific pipeline you can remove it from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide you no longer require a specific pipeline, you can remove it from
```

the `deployment_map.yml` file and commit those changes back to the
`aws-deployment-framework-pipelines` repository *(on the deployment account)*
in order for it to be cleaned up. The resources that were created as outputs
from this pipeline will **not** be removed by this process.

## Deploying via Pipelines

### BuildSpec

If you are using [AWS CodeBuild](https://aws.amazon.com/codebuild/) as your
build phase you will need to specify a
[buildspec.yml](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/build-spec-ref.html)
file that will live along side your resources in your repository. This file
defines how and what AWS CodeBuild will do during certain phases.

> Let's take a look an example to breakdown how the AWS Deployment Framework uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at an example and breakdown how the AWS Deployment Framework uses
```

`buildspec.yml` files to elevate heavy lifting when it comes to deploying
CloudFormation templates.

```yaml
version: 0.2

phases:
  install:
    commands:
      # Copy down the shared modules from S3
      - aws s3 cp s3://$S3_BUCKET_NAME/adf-build/ adf-build/ --recursive --quiet
      # Install Requirements via requirements.txt
      - pip install -r adf-build/requirements.txt -q
      # Generate Parameter files dynamically
      - python adf-build/generate_params.py
artifacts:
  # Package up all outputs and pass them along to next stage
  files: '**/*'
```

In the example we have three steps to our install phase in our build, the
remaining phases and steps you add are up to you. In the above steps we simply
bring in the shared modules we will need to run our main function in

> `generate_params.py`. The $S3_BUCKET_NAME variable is available in AWS CodeBuild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`generate_params.py`. The `$S3_BUCKET_NAME` variable is available in AWS CodeBuild
```

> as we pass this in from our initial creation of the that defines the CodeBuild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as we pass this in from our deployment map that defines the CodeBuild
```

Project. You do not need to change this.

Other packages such as [cfn-lint](https://github.com/awslabs/cfn-python-lint)
can be installed in order to validate that our CloudFormation templates are up
to standard and do not contain any obvious errors. If you wish to add in any
extra packages you can add them to the `requirements.txt` in the
`bootstrap_repository` which is brought down into AWS CodeBuild and installed.

> Otherwise you can add them into any pipelines specific buildspec.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the requirements are project specific, you can add them into the buildspec.yml
defined in the project itself.
```

### CloudFormation Parameters and Tagging

When you define CloudFormation templates as artifacts to push through a pipeline
you might want to have a set of parameters associated with the templates. You
can utilize the `params` folder in your repository to add in parameters as you
see fit. To avoid having to create a parameter file for each of the stacks you
wish to deploy to, you can create a parameter file called `global.yml` (or
`.json`) any parameters defined in this file will be merged into the parameters
for any specific account parameter file at build time. For example you might
have a single parameter for a template called `CostCenter` the value of this

> will be the same across every deployment of your application however you might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be the same across every deployment of your application. However, you might
```

}
```

You can create the above parameter files if you are deploying products to your
Service Catalog's in the same fashion as with CloudFormation (`global.yml` etc).

For more examples of parameters and their usage see the `samples` folder in
the root of the repository.

*Note:* Currently only Strings type values are supported as parameters to
CloudFormation templates when deploying via AWS CodePipeline.

### Serverless Transforms

If the template that is being deployed contains a transform, such as a
Serverless Transform it needs to be packaged and uploaded to S3 in every region
where it will be deployed. This can be achieved by setting the

> `CONTAINS_TRANSFORM` environment variable to *True* in your pipeline definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CONTAINS_TRANSFORM` environment variable to `True` in your pipeline definition
```

> with a deployment map file. Once the environment variable has been set, within
> your `buildspec.yml` file you will need to use the `package_transform.sh` helper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a deployment map file. After defining the environment variable, update the
`buildspec.yml` file to call the `package_transform.sh` helper
```

script (`bash adf-build/helpers/package_transform.sh`). This script will package
your template to each region and transparently generate a region specific

> template  for the pipeline deploy stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template for the pipeline deploy stages.
```

    SomeValueFromSSM: resolve:/my/path/to/value
```

> When you use the special keyword **"resolve:"**, the value in the specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the special keyword `resolve:`, the value in the specified
```

account you have defined. If you plan on using any sensitive data, ensure you
are using the [NoEcho](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html)
property to ensure it is kept out of the console and logs. Resolving parameters
across regions is also possible using the notation of
`resolve:region:/my/path/to/value`. This allows you to fetch values from the
deployment account in other regions other than the main deployment region.

To highlight an example of how Parameter Injection can work well, think of the
following scenario: You have some value that you wish to rotate on a monthly
basis. You have some automation in place that updates the value of a Parameter
store parameter on a schedule. Each time this pipeline runs it will check for
that value and update the resources accordingly, effectively detaching the
parameters from the pipeline itself.

There is also the concept of optionally resolving or importing values. This can
be achieved by ending the import or resolve function with a **?**. For example,
if you want to resolve a value from Parameter Store that might or might not yet

> exist you can use an optional resolve (e.g. `resolve:/my/path/to/myMagicKey?)`.

Reviewer: I think you might have missed this one, @javydekoning.

> exist you can use an optional resolve (e.g. `resolve:/my/path/to/myMagicKey?)`.

Author: I did miss it indeed. Fixed now.
